Explain that Private Space is a cloud-only feature (#1567)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/spaces/private-space.md

---

:::hint

> Private spaces were added in **Octopus 2022.2** as a Cloud-only feature. The feature is not currently available for on-premises instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private spaces were added in **Octopus 2022.2** as a Cloud-only feature. The feature is not currently available for self-hosted instances.
```
